Warning platform apps (#4229)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.2/projects/applications/platform-applications/index.md

## Upgrade Platform applications from the CLI

> Platform applications are deployed and upgraded as a set for each cluster or workspace. For the management cluster or workspace, Platform applications are automatically upgraded with the [DKP upgrade](../../../dkp-upgrade) procedure; no other steps are necessary for the management cluster or workspace. For attached/managed clusters or workspaces, you MUST manually upgrade Platform applications bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [DKP upgrade](../../../dkp-upgrade) process deploys and upgrades Platform applications as a bundle for each cluster or workspace. For the management cluster or workspace, DKP upgrade handles all Platform applications; no other steps are necessary to upgrade the Platform application bundle. However, for managed or attached clusters or workspaces, you MUST manually upgrade the Platform applications bundle with the following command.
```

Reviewer: Fixed passive & made this flow better - I don't like how that sounded.

<p class="message--warning"><strong>WARNING: </strong>If you are upgrading your Platform applications as part of the <a href="../../../dkp-upgrade">DKP upgrade</a>, upgrade your Platform applications on any additional Workspaces before proceeding with the Konvoy upgrade. Some applications in the previous release are not compatible with the <a href="../../../release-notes/">Kubernetes version</a> of this release, and upgrading Kubernetes is part of the DKP Konvoy upgrade process.
</p>

> Upgrade all platform applications in the given workspace and its projects to the same version as platform applications running on the management cluster with this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrade all platform applications in the given workspace and its projects to the same version as platform applications running on the management cluster:
```
